{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf230
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 remember to unrig the deck!\
i guess in all of these we do still need to make sure they either hit, stand, or double down\
\
10.1 - check the result of our code against theirs - would require exact same numbers :-(\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 10.2 - rig so dealerUpCard() <= 6 && totalValue() < 12\
	program should hit\
\
11.1 - code should do the exact same thing as it did before. there should be an if statement with something about handEnd in the parentheses.\
11.2 - 1) locate name of array with your any number of spaces thing, make sure positions 2-11 are 	set to 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, -1, -1\
	2)find arrayName = array(0, 0, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, -1, -1)\
	where arrayName is the name of the array they used before and the first two 0's can be any 	number\
	3)there should be one more for loop than in the previous code, and arrayName should still 	have positions 2-11 set to 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 0, 0, 0, -1, -1\
11.3 - compare value of cardCount to what our value is. they should always be the same.\
11.4 - compare value of cardCount to what our value is. they should always be the same. after second submit, reshuffled should be false.\
11.5 - program should bet (cardCount + 21)\
11.6 - should do the same thing as it did before. there should be exactly 4 for loops and 3 function declarations. make sure you don't accidentally get \
11.7 - should do the same thing as it did before. there should be exactly 3 for loops and 4 function declarations. \
}